---
title: Principal’s Message
permalink: /about-us/principals-message/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p>A warm welcome to Hougang Secondary School.</p><p>I trust that the holidays helped to recharge our spirits for the exciting journey that lies ahead in 2024.</p><p>In 2023, we have engaged staff, students and parents in conversations through a re-envisioning exercise to chart a new direction for Hougang Secondary School from 2024. The fruit of our conversations is the shared vision for this next lap of our journey: “<strong>Nurturing Empowered, Future-Ready Hougeans of Character and Purpose</strong>”.</p><p>This vision will be realised through three strategic thrusts, each integral to our commitment in shaping our students’ educational journey:</p><p>1. <strong><u>Providing a Holistic and Future-Ready Curriculum</u></strong>:</p><p>We are dedicated to delivering an education that goes beyond textbooks, fostering critical thinking, creativity, and adaptability. Our curriculum is designed to prepare our students for the rapidly evolving landscape of the future, ensuring they are not only well-informed but also equipped to meet the challenges that lie ahead.</p><p>2. <strong><u>Developing Empowered Staff Who Care, Lead, Inspire, and Partner</u></strong>:</p><p>Our educators are not just teachers; they are coaches, guides, and partners in our student’ educational journey. We are committed to nurturing a strong team of professional educators that is not only knowledgeable but also passionate about our students’ growth. Together, we aspire to create an environment where curiosity is piqued, leadership is cultivated, and inspiration is sparked.</p><p>3<strong>. <u>Building Purposeful, Sustainable Partnerships</u></strong>:</p><p>Collaboration is at the heart of our vision. We believe that meaningful partnerships with parents, the community, and industry leaders enhance our students’ learning experiences. By fostering connections beyond the classroom, we aim to provide our students with a well-rounded education that extends beyond academic excellence.</p><p>We will be guided by the values of Gratitude, Respect, Empathy, Adaptability, and Trustworthiness (G.R.E.A.T.) as we embark on this exciting journey. These values will serve to guide our actions, interactions, and relationships in our community and beyond.</p><p>2024 will be a year filled with growth, creativity, and memorable experiences to shape our students into empowered, future-ready individuals!</p><p>Mr. Brandon Lee</p><p>Principal</p>